♪♪
Yep, I'm on the roof.
Don't tell Mom.
I'm getting
my stargazing geek on.
This Sunday night
I'm going to Boston
to see super scientist
Neil deGrasse Tyson.
When science looks itself up
in the dictionary,
it sees a photo of him.
Ooh! I think I see
a shooting--
-Hey!
-Ethan!
You know how we all think
I'm gonna be a rock star?
You're the only one
who thinks that.
Not for long.
I put up some flyers
looking to start a band.
I'm meeting with the three
top choices tomorrow.
Don't worry.
You can be our manager.
The only thing
I wanna manage
is some Harley time.
Leave.
I'll put you down
as a strong "maybe."
[scoffs]
Oh, wow,
there's Orion's Belt.
And I'm pretty sure that's
the Big... pain in the butt.
On the subject
of butts,
get yours in gear.
I'm gonna host
a sleepover
tomorrow night.
[sighs]
That's against the rules.
Diaz kids
can't have sleepovers
until they're ten.
It's as non-negotiable
as the
"no-eating-chili-
before-a-car-trip" rule.
Suit yourself.
But it'd be
a real shame
if the night Mom
was going to take you
to see that boring
science dork,
I came down
with a tummy ache.
"Ooh! I have an ouchie
in my tum-tum.
I need my mommy.
Mommy, no go Boston!"
We both know you don't
talk like that.
That's up to you.
Whoa, do you even shop
with a list anymore,
or just ask for
one of everything?
I volunteered
to make chowder
at the Marshport
Seafood Festival--
which was a mistake.
Well, I hope you're
still in the yes mood
because Daphne wants to have
a sleepover tonight.
Fun, right?! I'll go
tell her you're on board.
Uh, just because
I'm making
400 gallons of chowder
doesn't mean
I've lost my mind.
No sleepovers before
the age of ten.
Eight year olds
at sleepovers
do stupid stuff.
They clog the toilets,
give each other
weird haircuts,
lose their favorite
teddy bear.
Next thing you know
I'm unclogging
the toilet,
getting yelled at by a mom
about some janky bangs,
and ordering
a new Mr. Fluffles.
Sorry, no.
I have to turn that no
into a yes
or Harley "no go Boston."
♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey ♪
♪ Sometimes it feels like
things are outta control ♪
♪ Like you're living
in a circus ♪
♪ Tryin' to figure out
your way in the world ♪
♪ Where you're at
is kinda perfect ♪
♪ So turn it up,
turn it up ♪
♪ Do your thing,
don't stop ♪
♪ Let the games begin,
let's jump right in ♪
♪ I wanna get
stuck with you ♪
♪ In the middle
of the party ♪
♪ We're just
getting started ♪
♪ I wanna get
stuck with you ♪
♪ In the eye of the tornado,
rowin' in the same boat ♪
♪ I wanna get
stuck with you ♪
♪ Get stuck in
the middle with you ♪
♪ I wanna get
stuck with you ♪
OK, I get that
most third graders
aren't ready
for a sleepover,
but Daphne
is very mature.
Kids twice her age
cross the street
when they see her coming.
Are you arguing for her
or against her?
Hey. I'm about to have
my first band practice.
If things go
according to plan,
I'll be on the road
with a sold-out tour
next Summer.
Hang on to that.
Is it fair that
Ethan's delusional
and he gets to
have sleepovers?
Fine, but just
so you know,
if there are
any problems
there will be
consequences...
for you--
as in lockdown.
Mom, do you really think
I would be doing all of this
if I thought I was risking
Neil deGrasse Tyson?
[sighs]
Or if I had a choice?
So, this is my blazing
take-no-prisoners super band.
That's what I get
for putting
the flyers
on the ice cream truck.
Look, guys, I'm sorry,
but this band's
supposed to play
rock and roll--
not Rock-a-bye Baby.
[drummer playing rock beat]
Wow.
That was unexpected.
Guess I can make one exception.
[bass player riffing]
Two exceptions!
[playing rock tune]
Three exceptions.
[laughing]
Oh!
We take Music
together at school.
Gang, get ready to go down
in rock history!
I need this sleepover
to be foolproof.
So, like any scientist,
I've broken the problem down
into a simple theory.
A cool sleepover
involves the four "F"s.
-[doorbell rings]
-Now let's get ready
to see them in action
at Daphne's.
[girls screaming]
[Harley]
The first "F", food.
Most parents want their kids
to avoid sugar.
At a sleepover,
that's a mistake.
Sure, you pay the price
of crazy kids
for half an hour.
But they'll crash
quicker than you can say...
[Suzy] Harley!
What's the racket?
Uh, give me
three minutes, Mom!
[Harley]
Every sugar high
comes with a low.
So, the next "F"-- fort.
Keep 'em comfy, keep 'em quiet.
Slow down, Naomi.
That's a load-bearing pillow.
Which brings us to
our third "F"-- fun.
And what's more fun
at a sleepover
than a little scare?
It was pitch dark
as the little girl
tiptoed into the room
and as she slowly
reached her hand
-under the bed--
-[Harley] Aah!
[girls screaming]
And so we've come to
our final "F"-- finished.
This concludes
"Sleepovers" by Harley.
I wouldn't go in there.
I've seen
a lot of things
never come out.
Daphne and kids
who wanna hang out
with Daphne
are downstairs.
It's safer to forage
for snacks up here.
Hey, hey!
Found a couple
of jelly beans
from Easter.
Fuzzy green's a color, right?
Ah, I'll eat it anyway.
Glad I caught you
in a win.
Hey, can my band rehearse
at your store tomorrow?
The backyard's
too distracting.
Drummer keeps wanting
to play on the slide.
Mm. I don't know.
Kids at my store,
no adult supervision?
Uh, you're an adult.
Me?
I haven't played
in years.
I do miss it, though.
I suppose
I could bust out
the old keyboard.
You mean for the band?
[chuckles nervously]
My band?
Everybody jammin'
at the Bait and Bite.
A little
father-son bonding.
I mean, the fact that
you would even consider me.
That is what
you meant, right?
Welcome to the band.
[shrieks]
[groans]
-What are you doing?
-I'm scared.
Scared? Of what?
You let a tarantula crawl
on your face at the zoo.
In the daytime.
I'm afraid of the dark.
You made me
afraid of the dark.
Nice try. You can't
suddenly be afraid
of the dark.
-[crying]
-[sighs]
Now quit the fake--
-Those are real tears.
-[cries]
Uh, okay.
How about you sleep in
this nice, cozy hammock,
and I'll keep watch?
[whispers]
Harley.
Do I hear crying?
Crying?
Uh, what?
No, it--
it's laughing.
[fake laughter]
[laughing, whining]
I'm in so much trouble.
Daphne freaked me out
last night.
I've seen her be
a lot of things.
Scared?
Not one of them.
Luckily, this morning,
she seems like she's back
to her old self.
[Daphne]
Which one of you losers
took my fuzzy green jelly bean?
Yep, she's definitely back.
Oh, Harley, great job
on the sleepover.
The house is still
in one piece,
and everybody came
and left with
the same haircut.
Looks like you and I have
a date tomorrow night
with everybody's
favorite science genius.
You don't remember
his name, do you?
I've got seven kids.
You're lucky
I remember your name.
Oh, Daphne,
I found Blue Fairy.
[cowbell ringing]
Mom, that was for tonight!
You ruined my ghost trap.
Ghost trap?
Why do you need
a ghost trap?
She said ghost rap.
You know...
[rapping] I am a ghost,
and a ghost goes "boo,"
I like to rap
and you should too.
Ay, klingety-ang clang!
And that's a ghost rap.
[mimics explosion]
Oh, right. Pfft.
A ghost rap.
[chuckles]
I'm not that old.
What was that?
I was gonna ask you
the same thing.
I set up a booby trap
for when it gets dark.
I thought you weren't
afraid anymore.
Not during the day!
Oh, so a fairy
on a cowbell's
going to make you
feel better?
You're right.
I'm gonna tell Mom and Dad
I'm sleeping with them.
No, no, no, no, no.
Then I can't go to
my thing tomorrow night.
Ugh.
I can fix this.
If I can scare you that fast,
I can cure you that fast.
I hope so,
'cause now there's
two things
that terrify me:
The dark, and you rapping.
Ugh! How can I
get out of this?
Seven kids, and not
one of you has to go
to the hospital
right now?
Ethan, I'll give you
100 bucks
if you break
a finger or a toe.
Ahh. There's that Suzy-style
parenting we all know, love,
and swallow
our comments about.
I think that one
got away from you.
As vice chairperson
of the Marshport
Seafood Festival,
it's my duty to check on
our wild card volunteers.
I made ten pots
of bass last night.
And I trust you used
organic potatoes?
Of course...
Now I'm off to the store
for unrelated reasons.
Miss Peters, great news.
My new band's
available to play
at the festival
on the pier.
I mean, it's right
outside my dad's store,
so we could even do
some overflow seating
at the deli counter.
Oh, as delightful
as ham-adjacent
seating sounds,
the entertainment's
all booked.
Uh, come on.
Haven't you ever
had a dream?
Playing in front of a crowd,
fans cheering your name.
[chanting]
Miss Peters! Miss Peters!
I know you're a music lover.
I've heard you practice violin
-through your window.
-Well, it's a viola.
There's no wretched,
high E string. [scoffs]
They are the worst.
E strings? Boo.
You know what?
I will play in the band.
Band? What band?
My band?
Are you ready to rock?
Hey, man. A word?
Isn't the band
getting a little--
Large?
I was going to say weird...
and old.
Santa's weird and old.
Everyone loves him.
Look, just give 'em
a chance.
We haven't even
heard 'em play.
[clears throat]
Miss Peters?
[playing rock riffs]
Does anyone want
to hear some Nirvana,
or will that suffice?
I'll make an exception.
All right.
Dad, showtime.
[playing simple tune]
[chuckles]
I haven't had
the old keyboard
out in a while.
And I hate to lean on this,
but just till I get
my "C" legs--
[preset beat playing]
[discordant playing]
Better, right?
[sighs]
We're back
to the scientific process.
Curing phobias can be solved
with one simple "D".
"Desensitize"
OK, this box will gradually
get you used to the dark.
It's a little something
I like to call,
"A dip in the darkness."
It's a little something I like
to call, "not gonna happen."
[rapping] Then I'mma
do something
that scares ya most,
Hey, everybody,
it's the rapping ghost!
Clingety-clang-clang.
Box!
I'll take the box.
[chuckles]
OK, here you go.
-You okay in there?
-I think so.
See? Nothing
to be afraid of.
Aah! Unh!
[grunting]
[grunting viciously]
Aah!
Well, now the box is
definitely afraid of you.
Here's a new "D":
"Defense."
This spray,
utilizing cutting edge
anti-monster biochemistry,
is guaranteed to ward off
anything that goes
bump in the night.
[sniffing]
That smells like
the air freshener
from the bathroom.
Have you ever
seen a monster
in the bathroom?
Not because of the spray--
Seven kids use that thing.
Even a monster
would be afraid to go in.
Mom, you know how Dad said
he was in a band
in high school?
He was in three.
His talent really never
matched his enthusiasm.
Each one kicked him out
after the first show.
Well, the modern world
works a little faster.
It's him or us.
I can't cut my dad
from the band.
You must, E-man.
The integrity
of the Marshport
Seafood Festival
demands it.
I need to figure out a way
to let Dad down easy.
This is my dream.
I-- I can't let it slip away.
He'll understand, right?
Guess who found
his old gig-gloves.
[sharply exhales]
[groans]
I've tried everything.
The only way she can sleep
is with me right here.
What if I have to
sleep with Daphne
for the rest
of my life?
Stay with her at every turn?
[gasps] What if
I'm the new Deathne?
No offense, girl.
You do you.
Thanks to you
watching for monsters,
I got a great
night's sleep.
Come on, Deathne.
Let's get
some breakfast.
[sighs] Don't call me Deathne.
Don't flatter yourself.
I was talking to her.
Ow. Ow!
Ow!
Two nights of this.
Turns out everything they say
about sleep being important--
Yeah, that's true.
[sighs]
I can't fix this.
Gonna have to tell Mom
I traumatized Daphne.
[sighs]
Better get out there quick
if you want a cup
of Suzy's famous
homemade chowder.
I was lucky to get this,
and I'm Suzy.
I wish I had an appetite.
I have to tell Dad he's about
to start his solo career.
[Tom] Hey-o!
I'll go get him some
cheer-up chowder.
I found my lucky
show sunglasses.
Ah!
Dad, we have to talk.
Can you take those off?
I'm having a hard time
looking myself in the eye.
Remember when I
didn't make the
little league team,
and you made me
feel better
by telling me
music was my baseball?
Yeah.
Well, what if your music...
is bait and tackle supplies?
What I'm trying
to say is--
I've heard this speech enough
to know where this is going.
Uh, I'm not good enough
to be in your band.
I knew it. Just didn't want
to say anything 'cause--
I was enjoying
spending time with you.
I'm gonna--
[chuckles]
Let's just, uh--
You know what?
I'm gonna go get a scissor.
No, Dad--
Those guys aren't
good enough for us.
The bandana stays,
and so do you.
Really?
Father, son?
That's a thing
people want to see.
Father, son,
Miss Peters,
a bunch of musical
prodigies?
Dime a dozen.
[laughing]
Who wants some
cheer-up chowder?
No need, Mom.
Come on, Dad.
Let's go out there and play.
You and me, and--
in front of
all my friends.
Just like I've
always dreamed.
The festival's
been shut down.
There's an outbreak
of food poisoning.
It's the chowder.
Aah!
Don't worry.
I know where there's
a lobster fest
we can play at next week.
Even bigger crowd.
[sighs]
Sorry to hear
about your chowder.
Well, you held up
your end of the bargain.
Are you ready to go
to Boston to see your hero?
About that. Um...
I don't think we're going
to go after what I tell you.
You know how you said
the sleepover had to go well?
Turns out, Daphne--
Wants an autograph
from that science guy.
I'm a big fan
of Neil deGrasse Tyson.
Well, I'll go get ready.
I don't want to meet
an astrophysicist
smelling like
rotten chowder.
Hi, Mom.
What are you doing?
I have to tell Mom
you're afraid of the dark.
No, you don't.
I'm not afraid anymore.
What? Since when?
The last thing you did
really cured me.
I'm fine.
You sure?
Beause it will be night soon,
and I won't be here.
Bring it on.
I'm not scared.
Go do your thing.
OK. Thanks.
[Suzy] Let's go!
We're gonna be late.
Be right there.
I got my notebook, got his book,
and got my
hydrogen-is-number-one
foam finger.
Oh, wait. My bag.
Who's there?
What's going on here?
Just reading.
Don't wanna strain my eyes.
Then you should probably
read it right side up.
[cowbell rings]
[sighs] Another booby trap?
You're obviously
still afraid of the dark.
Why didn't you tell me?
Because a deal's a deal.
I got to do my sleepover,
now you get to do your thing.
I'm really sorry.
I never thought
this could happen.
I mean, the best
times of my life
have been in the dark.
So it's hard for me to--
The best times of my life
have been in the dark.
Scoot over.
Ahh. [sighs]
I thought you were going
to see boring science guy.
Can't. I think I have
an ouchie in my tum-tum.
Harley no go Boston.
[laughter]
How would you like to
do something with me
later tonight?
Sure.
[Harley]
When you're little,
there's a lot to be scared of.
There's monsters,
things that go
bump in the night...
even the dark itself.
But with your family
by your side,
life sure is
a whole lot brighter.
♪ Jam, pump this jam
all night ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ This is my life ♪
♪ This is my life, whoo! ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ This is my life ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ This is my life ♪
♪ This is my life, whoo! ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ This is my life ♪
See how much fun
the dark can be?
This is awesome.
Can we do it
again tomorrow?
Sure.
There's the Big Dipper,
and there's the Little Dipper.
[Harley] I guess you
could say that's us.
That's cute.
Awkward timing,
but I'm gonna need you
to sleep in your
own bed tonight.
Me and Deathne were talking,
and you're kind of
a dog-bed hog.
Sleep in my own bed?
Think I can do that.
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ This is my life ♪